Update customize guide - Closes #512 (#513)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/customize.adoc

The Lisk SDK provides a <<interface,BaseTransaction interface>> from which developers can extend from, to create *custom transaction types*.

It is also possible to inherit one of the default transaction types, in order to extend or modify them.

[[hello_transaction]]
== Example of a custom transaction type: The `HelloTransaction`

.Contents of hello_transaction.js
[source,js]
----
const {
    BaseTransaction,
    TransactionError
} = require('@liskhq/lisk-transactions');

class HelloTransaction extends BaseTransaction {

    /**
    * Set the `HelloTransaction` transaction TYPE to `20`.
    * Every time a transaction is received, it is differentiated by the type.
    */
    static get TYPE () {
        return 20;
    }

    /**
    * Set the `HelloTransaction` transaction FEE to 1 LSK.
    * Every time a user posts a transaction to the network, the transaction fee is paid to the delegate who includes the transaction into the block that the delegate forges.
    */
    static get FEE () {
        return `${10 ** 8}`; // (= 1 LSK)
    };

    /**
    * Prepares the necessary data for the `apply` and `undo` step.

>     * The "hello" property will be added only to sender's account, therefore it is the only resource required in the `applyAsset` and `undoAsset` steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The "hello" property will be added only to the sender's account, therefore it is the only resource required in the `applyAsset` and `undoAsset` steps.
```

    */
	async prepare(store) {
		await store.account.cache([
			{
				address: this.senderId,
			},
		]);
	}

    /**

>     * Validation of the value of the "hello" property, defined by the `HelloTransaction` transaction signer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Validation of the value of the "hello" property, defined by the `HelloTransaction` transaction signatory.
```

>     * The implementation below checks that the value of the "hello" property needs to be a string, which is not longer than 64 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * In the implementation shown below, it checks that the value of the "hello" property needs to be a string which does not exceed 64 characters.
```
